TILE5.Geo.P
===========

The TILE5.Geo.P submodule is used to perform operations on TILE5.Geo.Position objects rather than have those operations bundled with the object.

Module Functions
----------------

- `calcDistance(pos1, pos2)`

	Calculate the distance between two TILE5.Geo.Position objects, pos1 and pos2.  The distance returned is measured in kilometers.
	
- `copy(src)`

	Create a copy of the specified TILE5.Geo.Position object.

- `empty(pos)`

	Returns true if the TILE5.Geo.Position object is empty, false if not.
	
- `equal(pos1, pos2)`

	Compares to TILE5.Geo.Position objects and returns true if they have the same latitude and longitude values
	
- `inArray(pos, testArray)`

	Checks to see whether the specified TILE5.Geo.Position is contained within the array of position objects passed in the testArray.
	
- `inBounds(pos, bounds)`

	Returns true if the specified TILE5.Geo.Position object is within the TILE5.Geo.BoundingBox specified by the bounds argument.
	
- `parse(object)`

	This function is used to take a latitude and longitude String pair (either space or comma delimited) and return a new TILE5.Geo.Position value.  The function is also tolerant of being passed an existing TILE5.Geo.Position object as the object argument, and in these cases returns a copy of the position.
	
- `parseArray(sourceData)`

	Just like parse, but with lots of em'
	
- `fromMercatorPixels(x, y, radsPerPixel)`

	This function is used to take x and y mercator pixels values, and using the value passed in the radsPerPixel value convert that to a TILE5.Geo.Position object.
	
- `toMercatorPixels(pos, radsPerPixel)`

	Basically, the reverse of the fromMercatorPixels function - pass it a TILE5.Geo.Position object and get a TILE5.Vector object back with x and y mercator pixel values back.